update readme for sample-repo (#1)
treeverse/cloud-sample-repo-hooks: README.md

* [pre-merge format-validation hook](./_lakefs_actions/pre-merge-format-validation.yaml) - which will verify on each merge to the `main` branch, that the following PII (Personal Identifiable Information) columns are **missing** within the `tables/customers/` and `tables/orders/` locations.

## Diving Into Hooks

> **_NOTE:_** The hooks example below can be done by using the CLI or the UI, if you'd like to use the CLI, make sure to have [lakectl](https://docs.lakefs.io/reference/commands.html#configuring-credentials-and-api-endpoint) and [spark s3a](https://docs.lakefs.io/integrations/spark.html#access-lakefs-using-the-s3a-gateway) configured correctly.

Let's start by trying our first hook, we'll try to upload a file to the `main` branch and commit it.

Upload a file, make sure to replace `/path/to/some/file` to any arbitrary file you'd like, it can be an empty one for the example:

```sh
# CLI
$ lakectl fs upload lakefs://sample-repo/main/test -s /path/to/some/file

# UI
Within the "sample-repo" repository -> click "Upload object" -> click "Choose file" -> pick a file from your filesystem -> click "Upload".
```

> Now that we've uploaded the file, first, you'll be see it in the stage area (uncommited):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we've uploaded the file, first, you'll see it in the stage area (uncommitted):
```

```sh
# CLI
lakectl diff lakefs://sample-repo/main

# UI

> Within the "sample-repo" repository -> click "Uncommited changes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the "sample-repo" repository -> click "Uncommitted changes".
```

```

Great! now let's try to commit that file:
```sh
# CLI
lakectl commit lakefs://sample-repo/main --message "Test Commit"

# UI

> Within the "sample-repo" repository -> click "Uncommited changes" -> click "Commit Changes" -> click "Commit Changes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the "sample-repo" repository -> click "Uncommitted changes" -> click "Commit Changes" -> click "Commit Changes".
```

```

Ouch! we were caught in the act of trying to commit to `main` without the required attributes `owner` and `environment`! 

```sh
Branch: lakefs://sample-repo/main
pre-commit hook aborted, run id '5kepqvj1nilti6cut9hg': 1 error occurred:
	* hook run id '0000_0000' failed on action 'pre commit metadata field check' hook 'check_commit_metadata': runtime error: [string "lua"]:7: missing mandatory metadata field: owner

412 Precondition Failed
```

Let's retry that action, this time, with the required attributes:

```sh
# CLI
lakectl commit lakefs://sample-repo/main --message "Test Commit" --meta owner="John Doe",environment="production"

# UI

> Within the "sample-repo" repository -> click "Uncommited changes" -> click "Commit Changes" -> click "+ Add Metadata field" -> insert key: "owner", value: "John Doe" -> click "+ Add Metadata field" -> insert key: "environment", value: "production" -> click "Commit Changes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the "sample-repo" repository -> click "Uncommitted changes" -> click "Commit Changes" -> click "+ Add Metadata field" -> insert key: "owner", value: "John Doe" -> click "+ Add Metadata field" -> insert key: "environment", value: "production" -> click "Commit Changes".
```

```

Congrats! you've just made the first commit using the `pre-commit metadata validator` hook!

> Let's jump on to more advanced example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's jump on to a more advanced example.
```

Now, we'll try to sneak some private information into the main branch!

> We've created a sneaky-branch for you to explore the second hook, we'll try merging a branch which contains a dangerous files (a file with the `email` column within a parquet file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've created a sneaky-branch for you to explore the second hook, we'll try merging a branch that contains a dangerous file (a file with the `email` column within a parquet file)
```

Let's try to merge that branch into main:
```sh
# CLI
lakectl merge lakefs://sample-repo/emails lakefs://sample-repo/main

# UI
Within the "sample-repo" repository -> click "Compare" tab -> pick the "main" as base branch -> Pick "emails" as compared to branch -> Click "Merge".
```

You should see the following output:
```sh
update branch main: pre-merge hook aborted, run id '5kepi1b1nilh6brjhmmg': 1 error occurred: * hook run id '0000_0000' failed on action 'pre merge PII check on main' hook 'check_blocked_pii_columns': runtime error: [string "lua"]:37: Column is not allowed: 'email': type: BYTE_ARRAY in path: tables/customers/dangerous.parquet : Error: update branch main: pre-merge hook aborted, run id '5kepi1b1nilh6brjhmmg': 1 error occurred: * hook run id '0000_0000' failed on action 'pre merge PII check on main' hook 'check_blocked_pii_columns': runtime error: [string "lua"]:37: Column is not allowed: 'email': type: BYTE_ARRAY in path: tables/customers/dangerous.parquet at tz.merge
```

Phew! we dodged a bullet here, no PII is present on our main branch.

> That's all for our hooks demonstration, if you're interested on understading more about hooks, [read our docs](https://docs.lakefs.io/hooks/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's all for our hooks demonstration, if you're interested in understanding more about hooks, [read our docs](https://docs.lakefs.io/hooks/).
```
